Scheduler:  add example for onOptionChanged and edit currentDate, currentView, views.name, views.type (#1517)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/Component/1 Configuration/onOptionChanged.md

The UI component's instance.

##### field(e.fullName): String
The path to the modified property that includes all parent properties.

##### field(e.name): String
The modified property if it belongs to the first level. Otherwise, the first-level property it is nested into.

##### field(e.value): any
The modified property's new value.

---

> The following example shows how to subscribe to changes of a component property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to subscribe to component property changes:
```

The modified option's new value.

---

The following example shows how to subscribe to changes of a component option:

---

##### jQuery

>     $(function() {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {
```

The modified option's new value.

---

> The following example shows how to subscribe to changes of a component option:

Reviewer 3: Option or property?

> The following example shows how to subscribe to changes for an option of {WidgetName}:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to subscribe to changes of a **{WidgetName}** option:
```

Author: If WidgetName starts with a vowel (e.g. Action Sheet), the part of the sentence is "changes of **a A**ction Sheet option". So is "The following example shows how to subscribe to changes of an option" good?

---

##### jQuery

    <!--index.js-->
    $(function() {

>         $("#{widgetName}Container").{WidgetName}({

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        $("#{widgetName}Container").dx{WidgetName}({
```

    <dx-{widget-name} ...
        (onOptionChanged)="onOptionChanged($event)"> 
    </dx-{widget-name}> 

    <!-- tab: app.component.ts -->
    import { Component } from '@angular/core'; 

    @Component({ 
        selector: 'app-root', 
        templateUrl: './app.component.html', 
        styleUrls: ['./app.component.css'] 
    }) 

    export class AppComponent { 
        // ...
        onOptionChanged(e) {
            if(e.name === "changedOption") { 
                // handle the option change here
            }
        }
    } 

    <!-- tab: app.module.ts -->
    import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser'; 
    import { NgModule } from '@angular/core'; 
    import { AppComponent } from './app.component'; 
    import { Dx{WidgetName}Module } from 'devextreme-angular'; 
  
    @NgModule({ 
        declarations: [ 
            AppComponent 
        ], 
        imports: [ 
            BrowserModule, 
            Dx{WidgetName}Module 
        ], 
        providers: [ ], 
        bootstrap: [AppComponent] 
    }) 

    export class AppModule { }  

##### Vue 
  
    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template> 
        <Dx{WidgetName} ...

>             :on-option-changed="onOptionChanged">            

Reviewer 3: Vue requires the following syntax for handlers:
```suggestion
            @option-changed="onOptionChanged">            
```

        </Dx{WidgetName}> 
    </template> 
  
    <script> 
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css'; 
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css'; 
    import Dx{WidgetName} from 'devextreme-vue/{widget-name}'; 

    export default { 
        components: { 
            Dx{WidgetName}
        }, 
        // ...
        methods: { 

>             onOptionChanged: function(args) {
>                 if(args.name === "changedOption") {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            onOptionChanged: function(e) {
                if(e.name === "changedOption") {
```

The modified option's new value.

---

> The following example shows how to subscribe to a desired option of {WidgetName}:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to subscribe to changes of an option of {WidgetName}:
```

---
##### jQuery

    <!--index.js-->
    $(function() {
        $("#{widgetName}Container").{WidgetName}({
            // ...
            onOptionChanged: function(e) {
                if(e.name == "desiredOptionName") {

>                     // ...

Reviewer 3: 1. I would use the name 'changedOption' and the strict equality
2. in the comment - // handle the option change here
